Remove admin and implementation getters from TransparentUpgradeableProxy (#3820)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased (Breaking)

 * `TimelockController`: Changed the role architecture to use `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` as the admin for all roles, instead of the bespoke `TIMELOCK_ADMIN_ROLE` that was used previously. This aligns with the general recommendation for `AccessControl` and makes the addition of new roles easier. Accordingly, the `admin` parameter and timelock will now be granted `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` instead of `TIMELOCK_ADMIN_ROLE`. ([#3799](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3799))

>  * `TransparentUpgradeableProxy`: The `admin()` and `implementation()` getters were removed, this impacts the `ProxyAdmin` contract as well, removing the `getProxyAdmin` and `getProxyImplementation` getters. ([#3820](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3820))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `TransparentUpgradeableProxy`: Removed `admin` and `implementation` getters, which were only callable by the proxy owner and thus not very useful. ([#3820](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3820))
 * `ProxyAdmin`: Removed `getProxyAdmin` and `getProxyImplementation` getters. ([#3820](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3820))
```
